Have you ever thought about how naive it is to just use
the free Wi-Fi at cafes and similar public places?
You are trusting the store owner to not do anything dodgy and you're trusting
that every other person currently using the Wi-Fi hotspot is a good person.
Not only can they listen to
your traffic, you are broadcasting over radio waves after all,
but they could also tamper with the data you receive.
This is a harmless change.
But what if you wanted to check your bank account on a public Wi-Fi?
Think about every other person being able to read or change your data.
We definitely don't want that.
HTTPS is a way to protect you and your users from malicious cafe owners and visitors.
As a web developer, HTPPS is even more important since
all modern browsers' APIs are only available if your website is secured with HTTPS.
To exploit the full potential of the Web,
you need to start using HTTPS,
and not just for the log-in page,
but every single page.
Knowing a web page is using HTTPS,
will give your users peace of mind in these kind of public places.
How can you tell if a website is using HTTPS and how can you
tell if a website is using HTTPS correctly,
and how can you use HTTPS on your own website?
That's what this lesson is about.